---
layout: post
title: Week 2
categories:
- General
feature_image: "https://picsum.photos/2560/600?image=872"
customjs:
 - https://code.jquery.com/jquery-2.2.4.min.js
---
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="../style.css" />

<p>This week we worked together in Fablab and printed a small gear for testing. Since Tapio and Jussi have more experience on dealing with PCB and 3D printing, we quickly went though the procedure of 3D modelling and printing.
</p>
<video controls width="250">
    <source src="http://tiberiog.cacsite.com/tiberiog.cacsite.com/xiao/week_2_video.mp4" type="video/mp4">
    Your browser does not support HTML5 mp4 video.
</video>  
<p>


Tiberio and Xiao read more tutorials on both 2D and 3D modelling and simulated a few examples to learn how it works. </p>
<p>A the beginning we were thinking about printing ourself the pot, but we thought about some problems with leaking. So we changed the idea to using a normal flower pot with an additional part attached to the bottom. This part has a pump, tank and a pipe that goes from the tank to the surface of the soil. The pump is controlled by an Arduino UNO with a humidity sensor we will design ourself.
We changed also the design of reservoir, the idea of using an external one was abandoned because it's more user-friendly having only one piece of equipment. Moreover, using a peristaltic pump gives us more control over water flow compared to the coil-based valve we thought to create at the beginning.
</p>  



{% include figure.html image="http://tiberiog.cacsite.com/tiberiog.cacsite.com/xiao/week_2_gif.gif" caption="3D model" width="350" height="425" %}

<p>And we did find a normal size flower pot for testing!</p>

{% include figure.html image="http://tiberiog.cacsite.com/tiberiog.cacsite.com/xiao/week_2_pot.jpg" caption="3D model" width="400" height="425" %}

##### Tasks allocation:
<table style= "word-wrap:break-word;word-break:break-all;">
<tr>
<td>Task </td>
<td>Student</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Materials </td>
<td>Tiberio Galbiati</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3D modeling implement</td>
<td>Tepio Immonen</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>PCB design implement</td>
<td> Jussi Parviainen</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sketching ideas</td>
<td>together</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Documentation</td>
<td>Zifan Xiao</td>
</tr>
</table>
